<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!--
  ~ Copyright (C) 2009  Christian Hujer.
  ~
  ~ This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or
  ~ modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public
  ~ License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either
  ~ version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
  ~
  ~ This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
  ~ but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
  ~ MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU
  ~ Lesser General Public License for more details.
  ~
  ~ You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public
  ~ License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software
  ~ Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA  02110-1301  USA
  -->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en">
    <head>
        <title>JAPI Lib ArgParser - Requirements</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h1>JAPI Lib ArgParser - Requirements</h1>
        <ul>
            <li>
                REQ001:
                The library MUST provide option parsing.
                Options start with a "-"-character.
                Every option has a unique name.
                A name that consists of a single letter is called short option.
                A name that consists of more than one letter is called long option.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ002:
                Optional options MUST be supported.
                It MUST be possible to declare an option as optional.
                If an optional option is omitted, the library MUST simply ignore that option.
                If an optional option is specified, the library MUST handle the option properly.
                User view: An optional option may be omitted.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ003:
                Mandatory options MUST be supported.
                It MUST be possible to declare an option as mandatory.
                If a mandatory option is omitted, the library MUST NOT process the command.
                If a mandatory option is specified, the library MUST handle the option properly.
                User view: A mandatory option must not be omitted.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ004:
                Terminating options MUST be supported.
                It MUST be possible to declare an option as terminating.
                A terminating option may be omitted.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ005:
                The library MUST support i18n/l10n.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ006:
                Options with names which consist of non-ASCII characters MUST be rejected.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ007:
                It SHOULD be possible to concatenate multiple short options in a single option that looks like a long option starting with one dash.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ008:
                Options that start with two dashs MUST always be treated as long options.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ009:
                If an option that starts with a single dash is not recognized as a long option it SHOULD be treated as concatenated short options.
                If treating it as concatenated short options fails, the option SHOULD be reported as unrecognized long option.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ00A:
                It MUST be possible to stop further arguments from being parsed as options using the special option "--".
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ00B:
                It MUST be possible to declare an option as obsolete.
                An obsolete option will usually perform only an empty operation.
                The user will be warned if she uses an obsolete option.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ00C:
                It MUST be possible to specify long options using -W.
            </li>
            <li>
                REQ00D:
                It MUST be possible to specify options in a file by prefixing the filename with '@'.
            </li>
        </ul>
    </body>
</html>
