<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!-- $Id: releasePlan.xhtml,v 1.6 2006/03/29 22:21:14 christianhujer Exp $ -->
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="de">
    <head>
        <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="application/xhtml+xml; charset=utf-8" />
        <meta name="Date" content="$Date: 2006-04-04 02:30:14 +0530 (Di, 04. Apr 2006) $" />
        <title>JAPI Subversion Developer Access</title>
    </head>
    <body>
        <h2>Checking out a normal working copy</h2>
        <p>
            To checkout a normal working copy of the latest development, checkout the trunk.
            This is what's called HEAD or MAIN/LATEST in other version control systems.
        </p>
        <p><code>svn co https://svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/japi japi/trunk</code></p>
        <h2>Rules</h2>
        <p>
            Current rules are this:
        </p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                All files need a mime type.
                For normal source code, use <code>text/plain</code>.
                Use <code>svn propset svn:mime-type text/plain <var>filename</var></code> to set the mime type.
            </li>
            <li>
                All files with a text based mime type need a line ending setting.
                JAPI convention is to always use <code>LF</code>.
                Use <code>svn propset svn:eol-style LF <var>filename</var></code> to set the line ending style.
            </li>
        </ul>
        <h2>Releases</h2>
        <p>
            Releases are created in the following way:
        </p>
        <ol>
            <li>
                A branch with the new release name is created.
                Usually the branch will increase the minor revision and use it as its name.
                Example: <code>svn copy trunk branch/0.8</code>.
                The policy for branches is that they aren't completely frozen, but only changes required for release and bug fixing are allowed.
            </li>
            <li>
                The branch is braught into releasable state.
                This usually should be zero effort, yet consider this a separate step.
            </li>
            <li>
                The release is published.
                As a part of the release publishing, a tag with the new release name and patch level is created.
                Example: <code>svn copy branch/0.8 tag/0.8.0</code>.
                The policy for tags is that they are completely frozen, tags must never ever be changed.
            </li>
        </ol>
        <h2>Checking out a released version</h2>
        <p>
            To checkout a released version, use <code>svn co https://svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/japi japi/tag/<var>version</var></code> with
            <var>version</var> being the release name.
            To checkout, for example, version <samp>0.8.0</samp>, use <samp>svn co https://svn.sourceforge.net/svnroot/japi japi/tag/0.8.0</samp>.
        </p>
    </body>
</html>
